README.md, before:

## <center> Stryker app</center>

<img src="https://cdn.strykerdefence.com/static/img/logos/white_border.png" width="100" height="100"/>

[中文介绍](./docs/zh-CN/README.md)
###### Requirements

1. Android 8.0+ 
2. Root (Magisk 23.0+)
3. 64bit CPU (preferred)

###### Description

Stryker is a new generation mobile pentest application. It will help you to test your networks and devices for common vulnerabilities without special skills and knowledge. And also provides you to add your expolits and new features!

### Links

[Downloads](https://github.com/stryker-project/app/releases "Releases")

[Channel & Chat](http://t.me/strykerapp "Channel & Chat")

[Short features overview](https://youtu.be/2n6NxE_sGm4 "Short features overview")

### Support

Buy premium on offical site

### License

<p xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"><a property="dct:title" rel="cc:attributionURL" href="https://github.com/Stryker-Defense-Inc/strykerapp">Stryekr app</a> by <a rel="cc:attributionURL dct:creator" property="cc:attributionName" href="https://github.com/zalexdev">Zalexdev</a> is licensed under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1" target="_blank" rel="license noopener noreferrer" style="display:inline-block;">CC BY-NC-ND 4.0<img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/by.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/nc.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/nd.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""></a></p>

Commit message:

le finale
Announce the end of life for Stryker App and provide final messages to users.

README.md, after:

## <center> Stryker app</center>


[中文介绍](./docs/zh-CN/README.md)
###### Requirements

1. Android 8.0+ 
2. Root (Magisk 23.0+)
3. 64bit CPU (preferred)

###### Description

Stryker is a new generation mobile pentest application. It will help you to test your networks and devices for common vulnerabilities without special skills and knowledge. And also provides you to add your expolits and new features!
# 📢 Stryker App — End of Life

> **Thank you for being part of the journey.**

---

Hey everyone,

Thank you for all the time we've shared and for being part of the Stryker community. Your support, feedback, bug reports, and trust over the years have meant more than words can express.

**As of today, Stryker App will no longer receive updates, and the servers have been officially shut down.**

It's been an incredible ride — from the first alpha back in July 2021 to 140,000+ installations and a passionate community of security enthusiasts around the world. None of this would have been possible without you.

---

### ⚠️ What this means

- 🔴 **No further updates** will be released
- 🔴 **Servers are permanently offline**
- 🟡 The app may still function in offline/local mode, but no support will be provided

---

### 🙏 Thank You

To every user, tester, contributor, and supporter — **thank you**. You made Stryker what it was.

Take care ✌️

— **ZalexDev**
